# Minutes from 12.03.2016
### Attendees: Aurelie, Nandaja, Behrang (and Hrishi as Batman, who mysteriously appeared and disappeared, as super-heroes are wont to do)

## Organising the codebase
Sharing code: Aurelie and Behrang will share the code they wrote for evaluation purposes. The large databases and datasets will be put on a Trento server for now, and might migrate to the CLARIN project in the future when Aurelie is unemployed and server-less again.

We need to implement the basic P2P architecture. Nandaja has some code lying around that she will share for consideration. We're all curious about Hrishi's blockchain suggestions, but we also feel that we should get something running asap, and if an existing DHT implementation can be reused, we should probably concentrate on this first. Complaints from blockchain enthusiasts are still accepted at this stage.

Which language do we actually want the whole thing to be written in? Are we completely sure that Python is the best choice? This will depend on what we decide the architecture should look like, which devices the system is supposed to run on, etc. Discuss.

## Communication
Thank you to Nandaja for purchasing the pearsearch domain and setting up the website! Thanks also to Hrishi for buying server space for the mailing list and setting it up!

Aurelie might want to reconsider using the PeARSsearch twitter handle, or at least split herself into two, keeping her occasional linguistic ramblings and cute cat pictures for her personal account.

Groundbreaking: we set a deadline! Nandaja is to have a basic website skeleton by March 20th. Then she will set deadlines for the rest of us, to add content to the site. One thing she'll want to have are short bios and pictures from all of us. We didn't set a deadline for the mailing list because Hrishi wasn't around and we felt it would be rude to do so.

PeARS meetings are such fun that we're going to have them every month. The next one is planned for April 9th, 10am/11am/3:30pm.

##Face-to-face meeting
Probably the second or third week of November. Everybody to confirm that they are free then. We'll set up a document to write down stuff we might want to do and discuss at the meeting. We should also take this as an opportunity to discuss meta-questions about life, the universe, and how we all want PeARS to develop.

##Potential partners
We are happy to partner up with people who are nice, in the sense that they don't do anything nasty with users' data. Behrang knows a couple of companies in Ireland and the UK who do interesting stuff and might be interested in collaborating with us, but we're not completely sure we want to get involved with industry. This said, EU funding is easier to get if you have industrial partners, so this might be a reason to get (nice) companies involved.

We should generally have a think about where we can get money from for the project. Aurelie wants to apply for research grants that have some PeARS relation, but she probably won't get them. 

##Miscellaneous
We are going to make better use of GitHub and use it to store documents related to the project, like minutes etc. Behrang will start a document about researching other distributed search projects, which we should all contribute to.


# To-do summary

- Aurelie and Behrang to share their evaluation code.
- Aurelie to put datasets and semantic spaces on public server.
- Nandaja to share her P2P code.
- Nandaja to set up the website.
- Hrishi to set up mailing list.
- All send a short bio and pic to Nandaja.
- Aurelie starts a Cambridge meeting doc, to share ideas and expectations.
- Behrang to start a doc on other distributed search systems.
- We meet on April 9th!!
