# Minutes of 17.09.2016

Attendees:

## Items to discuss

* Discuss design requirements with Jaison
* State of DHT
* State of indexer, opinions on real-time indexing (daemon, add-on, both?)
* The repos are in a mess. We're not always very good at checking the
  discussion board.
* Documentation
* Cambridge update
* ...
