# Minutes of 25.06.2016

Attendees:

## Items to discuss

* Organise funding
* State of DHT
* Cambridge update
* Dmitri and solid -- perhaps linked to security query on old repo?
* Behrang and Aurelie re. open vectors
* Gerben
* ...
